Aim - Create a program that will analyse the Fisher's Irish data set. 

Three main parts:
    1. Research the data set online and write a summary about it in the README (using markdown for formatting).
    2. Download the data set and add it to the repo.
    3. Write a program called analysis.py that:
        a. outputs a summary of each file to a single text file,
        b. saves a histogram of each variable to png files,
        c. outputs a scatter plot of each pair of variables.
    
Deadline - April 30th 2020 (last commit must be made on this date)

Minimum Viable Project:
    Standard repo that contains a README, a Python script, a summary text file and images. 
    The README should contain a summary of the data set and my investigations into it.
    It should also clearly document how to run the Python code and what the code does.
    Remember to referece everything - e.g. where I found a code snippet.

Better Project:
    Well organised with detailed explanations.
    Well conceived analysis, and discussion of examples of interesting analyses carried by others (with references).

GamePlan
    Week 1 (ending Sunday March 15th) - Setup - Done
        Repo is set up.
        Quality version of the data set is found, and added to repo.
        Started getting data set into Pandas data frames, ready for plotting and manipulation.
   
    Week 2 (ending Sunday March 22nd) - Plotting
        Histograms and Scatterplots are setup and working. 
        Begin formatting these to make them clear to read.
        Start pushing some analyses to the text file.
   
    Week 4 (ending Sunday April 5th) - MVP achieved & next steps
        Achieve the Minimum Viable Project conditions.
        Research other analyses of this data set.
        Consider other methods of plotting or analysing this data set.
        Consider other libraries that might help here.
    
    Week 5 (ending Sunday April 12th) - Further analyses
        Utilise research from week 3 in new plots.
        Ensure README accounts for this research.
        Ensure commenting in the files is descriptive and accurate.

    Week 6 (ending Sunday April 19th) - Ready to ship
        Ensure everything is in a state of completion.
        Make any late adjustments corrects.
        Pinpoint any final areas that need to be worked on.

    Week 7 (ending Sunday April 26th) - Completed
        Ensure everything is submitted by Tuesday April 14th.
        No longer in Beijing - use extra time for improvements.
    
    Week 7 (deadline April 30th) - Only cosmetic changes
        Everything should be more or less complete by Tuesday April 26th.
        Anything done from here are minor or comestic changes, or additional features that won't take away from the quality of work.
        